Shelly, is there any idea of reducing
the randomness of a time in generic
algorithm like say in simulated?
>> Well, not limitations
that we have shown so far.
But the fitness function naturally
reduces the randomness as each
generation gets closer to the solution.
However, we could argue that
the method could do better.
In fact, there are a lot of
publications that talk about tuning,
cross over, mutations, number of parents
and all the other parameters to optimize
genetic algorithms,
to converge as quickly as possible.
>> In some sense,
genetic algorithms are a fancy version
of beam search that happens to
make a nice analogy with biology.
>> Yep, some people call genetic
algorithms the second best solution to
any problem.
But analogies are nice things when
learning and using different methods.
We used a lot throughout this section.
Hill climbing, a kneeling and
genetic algorithms are all analogies
to some physical or biological process.